add section on logging in documentation (#2031)
Kludex/uvicorn: docs/index.md

$ uvicorn --factory example:create_app
```

### Logging

> You can also customize your logs using a configuration file written in YAML or JSON format. You can find more info on creating these files from the official Python documentation found [here](https://docs.python.org/3/howto/logging.html#configuring-logging).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also customize your logs using a configuration file written in YAML or JSON format. 

Find more information on creating these files in the [official Python documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/howto/logging.html#configuring-logging).
```

> Below I have provided an example of a log file written in YAML that will get you started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of a log file written in YAML that will get you started.
```

**logging.yaml**:
```yaml
version: 1
disable_existing_loggers: False
formatters:
  default:
    (): 'uvicorn.logging.DefaultFormatter'
    fmt: '%(asctime)s -- %(levelprefix)s %(message)s'
  access:
    (): 'uvicorn.logging.AccessFormatter'
    fmt: '%(asctime)s -- %(levelprefix)s %(client_addr)s - "%(request_line)s" %(status_code)s'
handlers:
  default:
    class: logging.StreamHandler
    formatter: default
    stream: ext://sys.stderr
  access:
    class: logging.StreamHandler
    formatter: access
    stream: ext://sys.stdout
loggers:
  uvicorn:
    level: INFO
    handlers:
      - default
  uvicorn.error:
    level: INFO
  uvicorn.access:
    level: INFO
    propagate: False
    handlers:
      - access
```

> > **_NOTE:_**  Using Uvicorn's formatter gives us access to the terminal colors and proper formatting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_**  Using Uvicorn's formatter gives us access to the terminal colors and proper formatting.
```

> After you have configured the logging file above you can use it progromatically as seen below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have configured the logging file above, you can use it programmatically as seen below:
```

```python
# main.py
import uvicorn

async def app(scope, receive, send):
    ...

if __name__ == "__main__":
    uvicorn.run("main:app", port=5000, log_level="info", log_config="./logging.yaml")
```

> Or you can use via command line like below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or you can use via command line like below:
```

> <!-- :cli_usage: -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
